# FedEx Lane Optimization  - Project Overview
## The goal of this project is to investigate the capacity of Europe-Americas lane at Fedex in order to surface recommendations on efficient volume allocation acrocss services provided in the future.
Founded in 1971, FedEx is a global transportation and logistics company serving millions of customers across more than 220 countries and territories. The company provides four different international shipping services: International Economy and International Priority for parcels below 68kg, and International Economy Freight and International Priority Freight for shipments above 68kg.

The company encountered problems with volume volatility - there are days when they are short on capacity on Transatlantic lane (between Europe Region and Americas Region), predominantly for shipments going from Europe into the Americas. This puts at risk priority services since the transit time does not allow any flexibility to take next day flight (unlike economy services). Three customers (A, B, C) have been identified as large shipppers for Europe-Americas lane, and FedEx is strategizing volume allocation for the lane. The company would like to build more understanding on the volume allocation for Europe-Americas lane and learn how to increase network efficiency by maximizing flight utilisation. The shipments should be allocated to drive 2 primary objectives: 1) increase operational efficiency, and 2) drive predictability in periodic volumes shipped.
##Dataset Structure
